IBX-8963: AI Actions (#315)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/ai_actions/ai_actions.md

---
description: Learn about generative AI and its capabilities.
---

# AI Actions

AI Actions is a set of capabilities that enhance the efficiency and creativity of content editors.
The feature is not included in [[= product_name =]] by default.

> It's an [LTS Update](https://www.ibexa.co/blog/continuous-innovation-how-ibexa-dxp-s-lifecycle-enhances-feature-delivery) that requires separate [installation and configuration]([[= developer_doc =]]/ai_actions/install_ai_actions/) by the system administrator.

Author: ```suggestion
It's an [LTS Update][LTS update]([[= developer_doc =]]/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.6/#lts-updates)) that requires separate [installation and configuration]([[= developer_doc =]]/ai_actions/install_ai_actions/) by the system administrator.
```
